Update logging doc (#1144)
nearai/nearai: docs/agents/env/messages_files.md

## Logging

> Logging is enabled by default. When running locally, `.threads` folder is created inside an agent directory, 
> containing any files an agent creates including logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logging is enabled by default. When running locally, a `.threads` folder is created inside an agent directory, 
containing any files an agent creates, including logs.

Example:
```

```
Temp run folder created: /Users/antonlomonos/.nearai/registry/alomonos.near/example-logging-agent/0.0.1/.threads/agent_5782e02da54c4365a3c9ee27a64fc81c
Logging system_log.txt at: /Users/antonlomonos/.nearai/registry/alomonos.near/example-logging-agent/0.0.1/.threads/agent_5782e02da54c4365a3c9ee27a64fc81c/system_log.txt
Logging agent_log.txt at: /Users/antonlomonos/.nearai/registry/alomonos.near/example-logging-agent/0.0.1/.threads/agent_5782e02da54c4365a3c9ee27a64fc81c/agent_log.txt
Logging chat_history_log.txt at: /Users/antonlomonos/.nearai/registry/alomonos.near/example-logging-agent/0.0.1/.threads/agent_5782e02da54c4365a3c9ee27a64fc81c/chat_history_log.txt
```

> These are temporary files and are deleted when exiting interactive session. To keep these files, copy them into 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are temporary files and are deleted when exiting an interactive session. To keep these files, copy them into 
```

> These are temporary files and are deleted when exiting interactive session. To keep these files, copy them into 
> another folder before exiting interactive session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are temporary files and are deleted when exiting an interactive agent session. To keep these files, copy them
into another folder before exiting the interactive session.
```

> To add more logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some options for adding more logs:
```

* [`add_system_log`](../../api.md#nearai.agents.environment.Environment.add_system_log): adds a system or environment log that is then saved into "system_log.txt".
* [`add_agent_log`](../../api.md#nearai.agents.environment.Environment.add_system_log): any agent logs may go here. Saved into "agent_log.txt".

> In hub, every time the log file is updated, it appears on the bottom of OUTPUT section.
> You can turn off agent logging by passing an environment variable of `DEBUG` with a value of false. 
> The 'show logs' button (next to send message) toggles all logs to be shown in the thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Agent Cloud (hub), every log file update appears at the bottom of the OUTPUT section.
You can turn off agent logging by passing an environment variable of `DEBUG` with a value of `false`. 
The 'show logs' button (next to send message) toggles all logs to be shown in the thread.
```
